9/30/2021

This will simply be a continuation from the old react + typescript book.

I'm going to update my code and my book from gumroad.

ImmerJS
pg 91
"Adding tasks is a bit more complex because they need to be added to a specific list’s
tasks array.
So first we’ll need to find the target list index. Then we override this list with a new
one, where we add the new task. And then we return a new state object, where we
override the target list with the updated one.

This is a lot of code. If only we could mutate the state and just push the new task to
the target list.
Thanks to ImmerJS it is possible. This is a library that allows you to mutate an object
and it will create a new object instance based on your mutations. That’s exactly what
we need."
pg 93
"Here we renamed the state into draft, so we know that we can mutate it. Also we’ve
changed the ADD_LIST case so that it just pushes the new list object to the lists array.
We don’t need to return the new state value anymore, ImmerJS will handle it
automatically."

ImmerJS allows me to "mutate" state so that I only need to change one thing instead of creating the entire object again with state.

Paused on pg 94
I think I'll review generics and arrow bracket types in TS first a bit. I forgot what they did.
Instead, I think I might want to take time to review the TS language and maybe even the Python language as well.

10/4/2021

I'll be skimming around to see what technologies they actually end up using.

pg 4 is table of contents
Rather using something like express, it looks like normal node js was used instead.
What are the advantages of express then?

Good to know that the book and I have come to the same conclusion about using Apollo client.

Apollo-server is probably a fairly simple way to implement the graphql schema.

https://docs.fauna.com/fauna/current/tutorials/graphql/quick_start
We would just send a graphql mutation query, which would mutate the data.
There are no posts.

We would use Apollo client to construct a graphql or FQL 


It looks like I might not need Apollo server express to host the graphql backend.
It looks like I can grab data directly from the faunadb service through graphql or fql.
https://fauna.com/blog/getting-started-with-fauna-and-node-js-using-fastify
